[PR-18385] Update docs for pre-fill country code based on IP address (#274)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/campaigns/localization.rst

2. Build templates with localization support
3. Make a copy of the campaign
4. Translate localization in a copy to different language.

> Campaigns with phone input have country detection which automaticaly detected based on user IP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Campaigns with phone input have country automatically detected based on user IP:
```
